[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Today on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with Richard Doty,
a retired Special Agent who
served in the Air Force Office
of Special Investigations and
was intimately involved with
UFO ET-related content.
Welcome, Richard.
>> Thank you.
>> So while you were in the
OSI, did you see any evidence
of a secret space program?
>> Yes.
>> Tell me about it.
>> I was briefed into one.
It was called "Gamma Sling,"
"Project Gamma Sling."
And the program centered
around guarding the Earth
and guarding our solar
system from dangers
from either asteroids or
extraterrestrial hostile
entities.
And the first spacecraft that
was launched in accordance
with Gamma Sling was in 1980.
It was launched into
an orbit near Mars.
And the ironic thing
about it is Voyager
was launched in 1977,
Voyager 1 and 2,
and both those Voyagers
actually mask the launch
of the secret craft,
highly secret craft,
to be orbited around Mars.
>> What else can you
tell us about that?
Were there any probes
sent out, as well?
>> Yeah, there's a lot
of probes, many probes.
Some of them sent towards
Jupiter or Saturn.
And they seem to want--
the scientists at
NASA or NSA seem
to want to place them
in certain orbits
around those planets
of Saturn and Jupiter.
They weren't so much
as exploratory craft.
They were there to protect
or notify Earth on something
approaching.
>> Now, I did hear a rumor of a
naval commander saying they had
spotted a craft I think off of
Jupiter that was 30 miles long,
quote, unquote, "moving
under its own steam."
Are you aware of any of these
crafts they have spotted out
there around Jupiter and Mars?
>> Yes, there were several of
them launched around there.
I'm not sure if the one that
the naval commander is talking
about is the one
that we launched
or if it was an
extraterrestrial craft.
But I knew of that program,
and I knew of those.
I was a
counterintelligence officer
trying to protect that
program, Gamma Sling.
That was the project name.
And so I know that
much about it.
Now, I've heard
many other rumors.
And I've talked
to people talking
about a special or
a secret space force
with soldiers battling aliens.
But I don't know
anything about that.
>> Have you ever met
anyone from an SSP program?
And what did you
think about them?
>> Yes.
At Area 51, we had a special
building located not too far
from the OSI building.
We were building 432, and
they were building a 437.
And it contained personnel
from NASA and from NSA,
from the National
Security Administration,
and from the National
Security Agency.
And their job was to
monitor the technology that
was being developed at Area 51
to advance this secret space
program.
>> Rick, are you aware of any
other SSP programs that are
working at the same time?
>> Well, I've had numerous
conversations with people who
claim to have been in different
secret space programs at UFO
conventions and other places.
Some of them acted
quite legitimate,
and some of them weren't.
So there could possibly be
other secret space programs
that I wasn't aware of.
That's just highly possible.
>> And what other authentic UFO
events can you share with us,
such as the UFO spotted
over the Capitol in 1953?
>> Well, during my briefing, in
1978, getting into the program,
they briefed about legitimate
sightings of an unknown set
of UFOs.
And those UFOs, the colonel
that briefed us said,
were in fact extraterrestrials.
>> Wow.
>> We knew of it.
>> And that was the
admiral that said that?
>> Colonel.
>> The colonel.
>> Colonel that briefed
us, briefed me and others
into the program, he
specifically said that
the incident in Washington DC
was in fact extraterrestrial.
>> So if this was an actual
factual event that's caught
on radar, you've been told
it was by your higher-ups,
what action did they take?
Did they feel threatened?
Was there a new protocol
written in place?
>> Well, they scramble F-89s,
which was the most advanced
aircraft jet they'd had
during that time period.
And the F-89s just couldn't
keep up with the UFOs.
The UFOs disappeared, and
they were chased by the F-86--
F-89s.
I believe there were
some F-86s involved, too.
But they couldn't
ever catch the UFOs.
>> Any other events
that you can recall?
>> There was an incident
that happened in 1959 at one
of the pine tree
radar sites in Canada,
where a UFO had crashed.
And it was some distance
from the radar site.
There was Air Force--
US Air Force and Canadian
forces personnel that went out.
And they had an actual
encounter with an ET.
The craft crashed.
It was on the ground
for some time.
There were photographs taken.
But eventually, the craft
was able to propel itself out
of there.
And ironically, in 2006 at the
UFO convention at Laughlin,
one of the key players in
that did a presentation
of that incident, where
he showed that picture
of that craft on the ground.
It was on the ground for
some six or eight hours.
And the Canadian authorities
and American authorities
really didn't know what
to do, other than circle
it, the military police.
But somehow, the craft was able
to repair itself and fly out
of there.
>> Now, you did say there were
extraterrestrials onboard that
interacted with the humans.
Correct?
>> Yes, there were
extraterrestrials that when
the military authorities-- the
Canadian and American military
forces-- got to the craft, it
was some distance away from
the radar site.
It was tracked on radar.
It went down.
They knew where it went down.
The Americans did,
and the Canadians did.
They went out to it, took
some time to get there.
When they got there,
the extraterrestrials
were outside their craft,
either trying to repair it
or providing security or some
reason outside the craft.
They were in suits
almost like snow suits,
with large helmets,
extremely large helmets.
And the pictures that were taken
by the military personnel--
Canadians and American
military personnel--
were from a distance.
So you couldn't really get a
good description, a depiction
of what the ETs looked like.
But the craft was a
oval-shaped craft.
It was small, wasn't very large.
There were two creatures
that were outside the craft.
They eventually got
inside the craft
and flew it away
at lightning speed.
So that's really all
that we knew about it.
>> Any other briefings that
stand out that you'd like
to mention?
>> I think one of the incidents
that's never been disclosed--
I've never seen it.
I've never heard
anybody talk about it--
was a crash that had happened
near land over Maryland
back in the late '50s.
I don't remember the
exact year of it.
But the craft
crashed in a field.
It was near a football
stadium or a sports stadium--
not sure it was a
football stadium.
And it was just after
the sporting event.
There were several people that
saw the craft on the ground.
There are a lot of people that
went over to it and saw it.
But there was nothing or
nobody around the craft.
And the people were
somewhat concerned.
Apparently, the local
authorities, law enforcement
went out there.
The fire department
But the craft was
situated in a manner
that fooled a lot of people.
It was changing shapes.
And so it fooled
people into thinking
it wasn't anything other than
whatever they were looking at.
Eventually, the craft was able
to propel itself out of there.
Now, that craft flew right
over Andrews Air Force Base,
which is where the US
president flies out of when
he leaves Washington, DC.
There were aircraft
scrambled from Andrews.
Again, there were probably F-89s
scrambled after this craft.
But eventually, the
craft, they lost it
over the Atlantic Ocean.
That was quite an interesting
story the colonel told us
about that incident.
And I've never seen
or heard any mention
of that in any kind of
UFO literature since.
>> Amazing, amazing stuff.
Rick, there's a
lot of these videos
online of alien autopsies.
What can you tell us about that?
>> Well, I'm not sure if
they're legitimate or not.
I've seen many of them online
that probably were staged.
But let me tell
you about one that
has never been released online.
This is an actual
alien autopsy that
was done on the EBENs
that crashed in 1947.
I saw parts of that
in my briefing.
But later on, while I was
working in intelligence,
I saw the complete autopsy film.
And that was legitimate.
>> What did you see?
It was an EBEN, the--
>> Small grays--
>> Small grays.
It had some really catastrophic
injuries to it, the body.
And the pathologists that
were doing the autopsy
were taking a long
time doing the autopsy.
I think the film lasted about
an hour and a half, which
is probably a little bit
more than a normal autopsy
would last.
But it was taking
apart every single bone
or every single tissue, every
single organ that they could
find in the body, and analyzing
it and talking about it
while they're doing
it, explaining
that this isn't a human body.
A human wouldn't
have this organ here,
or the skin texture
wouldn't be this of a human.
Or the underlying
epidermal of the skin
wouldn't be this and the bone.
They were explaining this all.
So it was obvious
in watching this,
it wasn't a human being that
they were doing an autopsy on.
>> Is this in any relation to
that interrogation video online
of the extraterrestrial being
interrogated and speaking?
Is that authentic?
>> There are some
that are online.
There was one online
probably 10 or 15 years ago
that was pulled off online.
That was legitimate.
That was the same one I
saw when I was at Area 51.
I saw it was closed-circuit.
I didn't actually
see them doing it.
I was at another
location, watching it
on a closed-circuit camera.
And it was an interrogation
done on one of the ETs.
>> This was a small
gray, whitish--
>> Yes, a small gray whitish.
Yes, that was a legitimate one.
Now, there's another one
on that you can barely
hear the interrogator
and you can barely
see the extraterrestrial.
I think that's staged.
>> You were involved with
a controversial researcher,
Paul Bennewitz.
What happened with that?
>> Well, I was a
counterintelligence officer
at Kirtland Air Force Base.
And Paul Bennewitz came
to us with photographs
and electronic signals that he
had collected from Kirtland Air
Force Base.
Paul lived just outside
the northeast perimeter
of Kirtland Air Force Base.
And he had gathered some
information, electronic signals
and photographs.
And he came to OSI.
And he said, I've filmed
this on your base,
and I'm afraid that
your base is being
subjected to extraterrestrial
hostile intent.
Well, when he first came to
us, we kind of questioned him.
And so we did an
investigation on him.
And some of the
things Paul was doing
was collecting signals on a
highly classified operation
that was involving
the National Security
Administration on Kirtland.
And I can talk about this now
because it's been declassified.
Back in 1980 and
the early 1980s,
the NSA had perfected
a laser that could
travel long distances in space.
And what we were doing was every
time a Soviet satellite passed
over Kirtland Air Force
Base or in close proximity,
we would shoot that
laser up to the lens
of the camera and
blind the camera
so the Russians couldn't
take any pictures.
And we also had-- the NSA
also had a facility at Area 51
that did the exact same thing.
This was back in the early '80s.
It was an experimental
laser, but it worked.
And this has been
released since.
There's been some information
in books about it,
so it's not classified anymore.
But Paul was collecting
data from that.
So what we had to do was
we had to convince Paul
that what he was collecting
was extraterrestrial emissions
and all those photographs
he was taking,
which were of classified
drone operations,
that they were all UFO-related.
And it wasn't hard to do because
Paul was a believer in UFOs.
Paul had been a member of
MUFON and APRO for years.
So Paul believed in this stuff.
So it was pretty easy
for us to convince Paul
that what he was
seeing was UFO-related.
>> He would believe anything
you would say, of course,
because you guys
are the number one.
>> Exactly.
He would believe everything.
And it wasn't hard
for us to do that.
We would just nod--
I would just nod
and say, yeah, I
think you've got
something there.
>> You're actually encouraging
him with this disinformation
campaign.
>> Exactly.
And he believed it,
and we did our job.
But ironically, Paul was
taking some other photographs
that were not research
and development graphs.
Paul was a pilot.
He was on a flight
from Albuquerque
to Chama, New Mexico.
>> Oh.
>> He was going up to Archuleta
Peak near Dulce to take
pictures of what was
occurring up there.
On his way back, he had
a person in the co-pilot
seat, one of his workers.
As they got about over Red
River, in that area there--
anybody from Mexico would know--
>> Love Red River.
Yes--
>> He saw this huge craft
fly over top of him.
Well, his partner had a camera,
so he started filming this.
And this craft was hovering
right above Paul's Cessna 180.
And Paul took a picture of that.
That wasn't our craft.
We don't know where
that came from.
When Paul got back,
he immediately
called me at the office
and told me, hey, Rick,
you need to come down here.
I got some photographs.
He had his own photo lab.
I took some pictures of
something you need to see.
So I said, OK.
Yeah, I'll come
down there, Paul.
So I went down to the
office the next day,
and Paul had his big--
he made 8 by 10s.
He said, you tell
me what that is.
And I looked at it, and I
had no idea what it was.
I said, where'd
you take this, Bob?
He said, over Red
River in New Mexico.
I was coming back from
Dulce, and I saw this craft.
He said, that is an
extraterrestrial craft.
That's the mothership.
And it was a huge craft.
So I said, well, let me
take this back to the office
and have it analyzed
and try to figure out
what the heck this is.
So when I took it back to
the office and laid it down,
and all the other agents that
were working on this operation
said, holy cow--
well, they didn't say "cow."
They said something else--
that's a real one.
He took a picture of a real one.
And so what do we do now?
Now, are we going to convince
him that is one of ours
or if that's one of theirs?
We were somewhat confused.
But after that point, Paul,
you couldn't convince Paul
otherwise.
>> Right.
>> He was thoroughly convinced
that what he was seeing,
what he was taking
pictures of, were UFOs.
And so we just
let it go at that.
But we were interested in
this one picture he took.
Couldn't figure out
where it came from.
>> And he had a
witness on top of it.
>> And he had a witness.
Yeah, he had a witness.
>> So describe this
craft in the photo.
You said it was really large.
What other details
could you tell us?
>> This craft probably was 100
foot in diameter, at least.
It was oblong.
You couldn't really tell the
shape because of the angle
that the photograph
was taken, but it
looked like saucer-shaped.
And the ironic thing about
this, it had a little portals.
And you could see
into the portals
because the craft was that
close to his aircraft.
And the photographer,
his partner,
was photographing this.
You could see the little
creatures inside those portals.
They were moving
around in there.
And these still photographs
that he was taking,
he took probably 10
or 12 over a period
of maybe 15 or 20 seconds.
And then the craft disappeared.
It took off.
And the propulsion system--
another ironic thing
that he photographed
was arcs coming down from
the bottom of the craft.
And I don't know that we could
figure out what they were--
a propulsion system in some--
>> Right.
Did he say what
color the arcs were?
>> Just white.
It was like lightning.
>> Lightning.
>> It was like lightning.
>> Mm-hmm.
And it was hovering
there as they flew by.
>> Yeah.
Another ironic thing
is the plane's moving.
Paul says he's going
about 140 knots.
And this craft is
hovering above him
so that, obviously, this
craft is going the same speed.
Now, we asked Paul.
The first thing
I asked Paul was,
was there any missing time?
And were you watching your--
>> Instruments--
>> Your instruments to see
if, in fact, you stopped,
because maybe the air--
he said, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no.
I'm a good pilot.
And he was IFR and VFR.
And he said, no, no, no, no, no.
I was still going.
I looked down.
I was going 140 knots.
I said, well, and
that's maintained?
He said, yeah.
It almost touched my aircraft.
>> Wow.
>> I said, why do you think
this craft came after you?
He said, because I
was up near Dulce.
And at that time,
there were a lot
of people thought that there
was a secret base at Dulce
and they were flying
UFOs out of it.
And Paul thought that, too.
Paul said, well, I
was up near Dulce.
I flew over Dulce, and it
was chasing me out of there.
That's what Paul told us.
>> What do you know about Dulce?
>> Well, Dulce is an
interesting place.
I know there's a lot
of stories about Dulce
and the war that allegedly
occurred down there
and a particular person
that came on YouTube
and made a video about it
that was missing a finger
and so forth.
But there's a lot of
questions about what
was happening in Dulce.
And I didn't know at the time
what was happening up there,
so I went up there with Paul
a couple different times.
And I saw strange
things happening.
Eventually, I started looking
within the intelligence
community to find out, hey, does
anybody within the intelligence
community know about this?
When I checked with
Army Intelligence
at Fort Carson, Colorado, they
told me, well, we can tell you.
But we've got to be in person.
And you're going to have to get
this and this and this ticket
punched.
So I got all those
tickets punched.
I went up to Fort Carson.
Army Intel, G2, and I sat down.
And they explained to me
what was going on at Dulce.
It was a Special
Forces training base.
And the strange lights
that we were seeing
were lights that were
built into the ground.
And they were navigation lights
for helicopters coming in.
They'd turn these lights on,
and the helicopter would come in
to follow these lights.
And there were other
navigational aids
up there, TACAN
and other things,
which is a tactical
air navigation system.
And that answered about
90% of my questions
about where all these
strange things were.
Why did they see
these strange lights?
Well, they were
navigation lights.
And so that answered it.
But still, there was some--
>> Could they be giving
you disinformation, Rick?
>> No, because we
went up there when--
they told me when the next
operation was going to be.
It was going to be the 160th,
which was a Special Forces
flight unit, and a Delta Force
team that was going to train up
there on a certain date.
And I believe it was 1980,
maybe latter part of '79,
I'm not sure, or maybe even '81.
Anyways, we went up
there, and we saw it.
We witnessed it.
Now, that part of
it answered it.
Now, was there something else
that the army was hiding?
That's a possibility.
>> Well, Paul did see something
just a few hundred miles away
there.
>> Exactly.
>> So that raises a
lot of questions that--
who knows?
>> That's a possibility.
I always question other
intelligence agencies
when they tell you,
because you always
know they're not
telling you everything.
>> That's right.
>> They'll tell you
what you want to hear,
but they're not telling you
everything you want to hear.
>> That's right.
Absolutely.
I totally believe that.
I was once told, everything you
see and do down here, 5% of it
is completely
disinformation and false,
just to keep you in check.
>> Yeah, that's true,
because I was on the side
of disinformation.
>> So how do we know you're
not disinforming us right now,
Rick?
>> Well, I've been
out a long time.
And I can prove--
I have documents and other ways
of verifying what I'm saying.
I have no reason now
to disinform anyone.
I'm not involved in a
disinformation campaign
with the Central Intelligence
Agency or DIA or OSI,
like a lot of people
are saying right now.
I'm on my own.
I do my own thing.
I tell the truth.
What I don't know, I won't say.
Or I'll tell you
I don't know it.
But what I say is factual.
>> How do you determine what
people and information needs
to be discredited?
>> Well, it's done
by not me personally.
It's done by our organization.
We find the person
that might have
some information
about a classified
operation or a
classified project
or might have come upon some
kind of a classified vehicle.
They're reported.
The information is gathered.
And then somebody above
me determines that we need
to perform a disinformation--
we call it "counterintelligence
operation"--
disinform that person
because they just had access
to highly classified material.
Now, we're not going to do an
operation on anything other
than top secret, highly
classified material.
People that have
access to minor stuff
like confidential or secret,
we're not going to do it,
unless it's some kind
of a special case.
When it comes to nuclear
weapons, we might do it.
But anything else,
we wouldn't do it
unless it was highly classified.
And most of the operations that
we ran to disinform somebody
was because they had access to
highly classified information,
such as a research and
development aircraft that they
saw fly over or land or
some kind of technology
that we were working on
that has to remain secret.
Now, remember, back
in the '80s, we
had the Russians that were
breathing down our neck.
And they were after
everything they
could get their hands onto.
So we had to protect
the national security.
And the only way to
do that is if somebody
had access to national security
and they weren't authorized to,
we had to disinform them.
And we did that, and we did
it in a professional manner.
>> Did you ever have any
moles in your agency?
>> Yeah, we did.
We had one or two
during our time at OSI.
We had one particular
mole that we caught,
and they prosecuted him.
But our integrity was
pretty high within OSI.
>> Now, there was an incident
at Bolling Air Force Base with
some of these tall white Nordics
with some military officers.
Could you tell us
anything about that?
>> This was a horrible incident
that happened at Bolling Air
Force Base in the '80s.
A group of officers--
general officers, colonels,
and I think a couple generals--
were in a meeting in a secure
area of Bolling Air Force Base.
And they weren't discussing
anything to do with UFOs.
They were just there talking
about highly classified
other projects, when suddenly
these strange-looking creatures
came through the walls, as told
by a couple of the survivors.
And they started
mutilating and attacking
these general officers.
Several of the officers
suffered very serious injuries,
and some of them died.
They were after the equipment
that was in this room.
And the strange thing about it,
the equipment they were after
was overhead viewers and things
like that, a slide presentation
machine and a
60-millimeter projector.
And nobody seemed to know why
they would want those items.
But these officers were
mutilated, some of them.
Some of them had--
>> In what way?
Through hand-to-hand
combat or weapons?
>> They were
attacking them with--
no, their hands,
their own hands.
The aliens were putting their
hands through the bodies.
They were tearing off limbs.
There was one lieutenant
colonel that lost both arms.
There was a general that
suffered severe injuries that
caused him to be paralyzed.
So he had to be
medically discharged.
There were others.
Now, there were security forces
there, Air Force police--
the call them "security
police"-- were there.
And they came in.
When the security
police came, they
weren't in the room,
the security police.
They were on the
outside of the room--
>> Right--
>> Because they weren't cleared.
But when they got into the, room
the entities-- these creatures,
the Nordics-- left.
>> Did the security
police witness this?
>> The security police didn't
actually witness the attack,
but they obviously witnessed
the injuries that weren't caused
by anybody in the room.
These were
catastrophic injuries.
You can't rip off an arm.
A human can't rip off an arm
or rip off their own arm.
And these arms and leg--
I think there was a leg or
an ankle or something that
was ripped off.
Doctors said later that somebody
with a huge amount of force
would have to rip off an
arm from the shoulder.
And so I don't believe
any of the security
forces actually saw it happen.
But there were a lot of--
there were other people that
weren't injured in the room.
There was a master sergeant
that was the projector operator.
And there were some
other people that
were enlisted people in the room
that were aides or something.
They weren't injured.
It was just the officers
that were injured.
>> So they watched this.
Did they get any film
of this going on?
>> No, I don't believe
there was any film.
>> So there were
how many survivors?
>> I think there were
eight survivors--
>> Out of 12--
>> Eight or nine survived.
I think two died, and
the rest survived.
I believe one died
sometime later,
but I don't know
the exact numbers.
I don't remember
OSI from Andrews Air Force
Base went over there,
investigated this, and that
was really highly classified.
I believe it still
is classified.
I haven't heard--
I heard one other person
mentioning this story,
and that was Wendelle Stevens,
the late Wendelle Stevens,
who was a prominent figure
within the UFO community
that would speak at most all
UFO conferences in Laughlin
or other places in
the United States.
Wendelle had more
details about it
because Wendelle
actually interviewed
one of the survivors.
>> Oh, wow.
>> It was a lieutenant colonel.
>> And what did he say?
>> Lieutenant colonel said
that he told a story of these
creatures just came
through the wall.
And everybody-- obviously,
if you're sitting there
at some kind of
a meeting and you
see creatures coming through
the wall, that would stun you.
Everyone was
stunned, thinking it
was some sort of
hallucination or something.
>> Right.
>> And then these creatures
started attacking these
officers.
And now, some of the enlisted
people tried to stop it,
tried to step in.
By the time the security forces
got in there, it was over with.
The whole attack
didn't last more
than three or four minutes.
>> Wow.
How horrific.
Now, has this ever been
answered by the Nordic ET
race since then?
Did they ever take
responsibility for this?
>> No, I don't know that.
I wouldn't have known.
I wouldn't know that.
But I know that
after this incident,
the Nordics were
declared to be hostile.
And they were
blood-and-gut entities,
so you could kill them.
You could shoot
them and kill them.
So I don't know if there
was a shoot-on-sight order
or anything like that.
But I know they were
declared to be hostile.
>> And they're obviously using
some sort of portal technology
to come in and leave
at their own will.
>> Yeah.
Or they teleported in.
That was a lot-- a lot of
questions went unanswered.
How'd they get in?
Did they just come
through the wall?
>> Or it could have
been a diversion, too.
They might have been doing
something else on the base.
>> That's true.
That's possible.
>> Are there any other field
investigations you'd like
to share with the audience?
>> Yes, one particular one.
It was while I was conducting
the operation against Paul
Bennewitz that we
came upon a woman
by the name of Myrna Hansen.
Myrna came to us.
She was recommended--
they recommended
she see a government agent
regarding her experiences.
And I interviewed Myrna
Hansen, and she told me
she had been abducted by ETs.
>> Do you know the types of
aliens she was interacting
with?
>> The grays.
Yeah, she described them as
small, three- to four-foot ETs
with large eyes, small
noses, small mouths.
They didn't talk to her.
It was all telepathic.
It was the typical greys.
>> Right.
>> She told me this wild story
over a period of several hours.
She was a woman who had
very little education.
She had a son.
She was driving from
Angel Fire, New Mexico--
>> Angel Fire--
>> To Eagle Nest, New Mexico.
>> Eagle Nest.
>> And she lost time.
She missed a lot of
time, 10 or 12 hours.
And she found herself
along Eagle Nest Lake
with her son, her
seven-year-old son.
And her car, she
couldn't find it.
Eventually, state police
found the vehicle someplace,
and she got her vehicle back.
And she came back
to Albuquerque,
and she talked to
several people,
including Paul Bennewitz.
Paul Bennewitz's
secretary was her friend--
her mother's friend.
Excuse me.
So the mother got
in touch with Paul,
thinking that he might know
where she could go with this.
And then Paul then
referred it to us.
Anyways, I interviewed her.
She told us a story
about being taken
to this underground facility.
She went down she didn't know
how many feet, maybe 100 feet.
She described this circular
area with a ladder, a portal
to her left, and all concrete.
While she was telling me
this, I knew exactly what
she was describing.
She was describing out
in Coyote Canyon, which
was a test site for
Kirtland Air Force Base,
there was a research
and development--
they were making a bunker
for nuclear weapons,
experimenting with
different types of ways
to store nuclear weapons.
This particular place
that she was describing
was located out
at Coyote Canyon.
It was a concrete structure
that went down about 60 feet.
And the idea was to
store a nuclear weapon--
put a nuclear weapon inside
and shut the front door.
The nuclear weapon
would drop down 60 feet.
They'd cover it up so the
nuclear weapon was hidden.
So if a terrorist broke
into the structure,
they couldn't find
the nuclear weapon.
She described this perfectly,
absolutely perfectly.
But she told us this portal
to her left, she opened it.
And there were vats, many vats--
she couldn't explain how many--
with human bodies in them.
And she was taken
to one of them.
Well, when she was
explaining this to me,
I had started asking her, do
you have a boyfriend that's
in the military?
Have you ever been at
Kirtland Air Force Base?
Have your parents ever
been in the military, so
on, so on, so on?
No, never been to Kirtland,
never been out there--
doesn't know anything
about the base.
And so I thought, how
would she know this?
So I went out there to the base.
I went to the structure.
I went down there.
The only thing she had
wrong that I couldn't find
were any portals.
There was a door that you could
open up with the right key
to open, and it was
an escape hatch.
But that's the only
thing I could find.
And there weren't any vats
with human bodies in them.
I re-interviewed her
several different times,
asking about her experiences.
And she told me the exact same
story over and over again.
If a person's lying--
>> They're going to slip up--
>> They're going to slip up.
When you ask them a
story and they're lying,
they're going to slip up.
And so then we decided to do a
polygraph examination on her.
So we got her a
polygraph examiner.
And we had probably the
best polygraph examiners
in the federal government.
And they do this--
they call it the
counterintelligence type
of a polygraph, where they
hook you up and they tell you,
I'm going to ask you questions.
I want you to say no to
every one of these questions.
And then the next strip,
they're going to say,
I want you to answer yes to
every one of these questions.
And the third time around,
I want you to tell me
the truth, yes or no.
And you can't beat that.
I don't care who you are.
And I know because we had
to take those polygraphs.
>> That's right.
>> And you can't beat it.
There's no way
you can beat this.
And she passed it.
There was no deception
whatsoever indicated.
They do it by numbers.
The higher the number--
the plus numbers,
the higher the indication
that you might be deceptive.
She was a minus five,
meaning she was as truthful
as you could possibly be.
The pope couldn't have
done better than that.
>> How did she recall this?
Was it like mind control?
Did the ET show her something
of how it is in modern-day
or what it might be in
the future down there?
>> Well, after the polygraph,
we wanted to give her a hypnotic
interview, where we have
our own psychologists.
>> You were taking it serious.
>> We took it serious.
My supervisor, he
suggested it to me.
And I said, why
are we doing this?
>> Breach of security.
>> She doesn't know anything.
And maybe she had some
kind of experience.
Maybe it was something
to do with the mind,
that somebody planted
that in her mind.
Maybe the ETs planted
it in her mind.
No.
My supervisor said,
we're going to do
a hypnotic interview on her.
I said, OK.
So we set it up, brought
the psychiatrist in.
He does a hypnotic interview,
regressed her back.
She repeated exactly
the same thing.
>> Amazing.
>> Didn't deviate one iota from
what she originally told me.
>> Oh, I love it.
>> And now, we have this third
measure that we used in very,
very, very, very
rare circumstances.
We can actually do a polygraph
on a person's subconscious
mind.
We put them under hypnosis,
and we give them a polygraph.
This time, we just
ask them yes or no.
We did that.
And that was an amazing response
because the polygrapher that
was doing it said, I don't
think this is going to work.
We've done it before,
normally with spies and people
like that.
>> Right.
>> I don't think this is
going to work, he said.
But he interviewed her, and
he got with the psychiatrist
and finally put her under.
>> So they did
medicate her for this.
>> They had to medicate her.
>> Yes.
Right.
>> And same thing-- told
us the exact same story.
>> Oh, fantastic.
>> So now, what am
I supposed to think?
Here, I'm the case agent.
What am I going to
just think about it?
Everybody's telling me
she's telling the truth,
so I have to go with the fact
that she's telling the truth.
Everything she says is truthful.
How did the ETs get out there?
How did the ETs create this?
And why isn't there
these vats that--
why can't we find these
vats with these human bodies
in them?
Can I ever find out?
So what we did was
we took care of her.
We paid for her medical.
We gave her access
to the VA facility,
the government facility.
We filled all her
prescriptions for her.
We actually bought
her a trailer.
We bought her a trailer
and placed her and her son
in there.
And we gave her some money.
She eventually got a job.
And I kept contact with
her over the years.
She eventually moved to Texas.
She had relatives in Texas.
>> So what else did
you learn from her?
And how did you
close out that case?
What did you write
for the commander?
>> Well, we learned a
lot of things from her.
We learned, number one,
that a lot of our techniques
actually worked.
Hypnosis, the polygraphs,
the hypnotic polygraph,
all these things worked.
And that she was truthful
in her experience--
she proved without
a shadow of a doubt
that what she told us was truth.
But how can it be the truth?
What happened to her mind?
Who planted that in her mind?
There were so many
questions that we
had that weren't answered, that
we had no way of answering.
Even though we talked to
her many times afterwards,
she couldn't explain
her experience.
She didn't know why
they took her there.
And was it a facsimile
place that it
looked like where we were, where
our place was, but maybe it
was at some other location
that the aliens created?
It got complex.
It got really, really,
really complex.
And so I closed it out by
saying, I believed her.
What she told us was the truth.
And really, there isn't any
other counterintelligence
aspect of this case.
>> Rick, once again,
fascinating information.
Thank you so much for
coming on the show.
>> You're very welcome.
>> I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]